# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file
automatically by Versionist. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE MANUALLY!
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## v3.10.0 - 2017-08-29

* NotifyBot: Implement NotifyBot, a bot for tracking PR issues and commenting on them come deployment. #243 [Heds Simons]

## v3.9.4 - 2017-08-09

* SyncBot: Add files suitable for usage as chat avatar. #193 [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.9.3 - 2017-08-03

* ProcBots, VersionBot: Ensure Github ServiceListener always checks labels; VersionBot does not act on `flow/in-progress`. [Heds Simons]

## v3.9.2 - 2017-08-02

* ProcBots: Include rebuilt files that should have gone into 3.9.1. [Heds Simons]

## v3.9.1 - 2017-08-01

* ProcBots: Append passed label name from event to Github Service events, as well as gathering all from API. [Heds Simons]

## v3.9.0 - 2017-08-01

* VersionBot: Suppress warnings in PRs should the `flow/in-progress` label be present. [Heds Simons]

## v3.8.0 - 2017-07-31

* ProcBots: Add ability to have multiple ServiceListener/ServiceEmitter instances of the same Service per Client Bot. [Heds Simons]
* VersionBot: Ensure that the head for a PR is always correctly used; move to Github App endpoints instead of Integration. [Heds Simons]

## v3.7.0 - 2017-07-31

* VersionBot: Append PR number of PR being merged to the `CHANGELOG.md` entry for it. [Heds Simons]

## v3.6.7 - 2017-07-31

* VersionBot: Approving reviews post-merge label addition will no longer throw warnings. [Heds Simons]

## v3.6.6 - 2017-07-28

* VersionBot: Ensure the `procbots/versionbot/no-checks` label correctly allows manual merging. [Heds Simons]

## v3.6.5 - 2017-07-27

* VersionBot: Move `AutoMerge` status from failure by default to pending, making it more cosmetically friendly. [Heds Simons]

## v3.6.4 - 2017-07-25

* SyncBot: Ignore case when searching for details for the user [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.6.3 - 2017-07-25

* SyncBot: Document username validity in message services [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.6.2 - 2017-07-21

* VersionBot: Ensure that authors of a PR are allowed to merge it even if a maintainers list is present. [Heds Simons]

## v3.6.1 - 2017-07-20

* VersionBot: Ensure naming of tags in `respository.yml` file is consistent. [Heds Simons]

## v3.6.0 - 2017-07-19

* VersionBot: Ensure that manual merges cannot occur by adding a new status check. [Heds Simons]

## v3.5.5 - 2017-07-18

* SyncBot: Withdraw Front source citation bodge [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.5.4 - 2017-07-18

* SyncBot: Change language usage of convertOr to convertEr [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.5.3 - 2017-07-18

* SyncBot, ProcBots: Ensure long messages are represented in Flowdock. [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.5.2 - 2017-07-17

* ProcBots: Improve lint rules for `if` [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.5.1 - 2017-07-14

* SyncBot, ProcBots: Cite sender in Front updates [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.5.0 - 2017-07-14

* SyncBot: Add tag synchronisation [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.4.2 - 2017-07-14

* SyncBot, ProcBots: Short-list discourse threads when looking for posts [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.4.1 - 2017-07-14

* SyncBot, ProcBots: Preserve title when creating Flowdock thread [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.4.0 - 2017-07-14

* SyncBot: Format metadata in a more subtle fashion [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.3.2 - 2017-07-14

* KeyframeBot: Ensure that token is valid before attempting to retrieve keyframes for linting. [Heds Simons]

## v3.3.1 - 2017-07-13

* SyncBot, ProcBots: Defend against repeatedly emitted events [Andrew Lucas]

## v3.3.0 - 2017-07-06

* VersionBot: Add ability to specify required tags for a PR in a repository configuration file. [Heds Simons]

## v3.2.1 - 2017-07-06

* VersionBot: Ensure that the `procbots/versionbot/no-checks` label is correctly honoured. [Heds Simons]

## v3.2.0 - 2017-07-03

* KeyframeBot is designed to automate the process of validating keyframes and moving them to the chosen environment. [Heds Simons]

## v3.1.0 - 2017-06-29

* VersionBot: Retry git clone operation should it initially fail due to authentication issues. [Heds Simons]

## v3.0.1 - 2017-06-29

* ProcBots: Move from spaces to tabs in all source files. [Heds Simons]

## v3.0.0 - 2017-06-28

* ProcBots: Modify configuration file loading so that services themselves know how to retrieve them. [Heds Simons]
* VersionBot: Add ability to only allow approved reviewers from named Github users. [Heds Simons]

## v2.2.1 - 2017-06-26

* ProcBots: Update and improve documentation on the ProcBot framework, as well as individual Client Bots. [Heds Simons]

## v2.2.0 - 2017-06-26

* SyncBot: Allow configuration of usernames that don't match [Andrew Lucas]

## v2.1.2 - 2017-06-23

* VersionBot: Ensure that repository/branch names are correctly encapsulated to allow handling of all valid git glyphs. [Heds Simons]

## v2.1.1 - 2017-06-22

* SyncBot: Improve message output formatting in Flowdock and Front services [Andrew Lucas]

## v2.1.0 - 2017-06-21

* ProcBots, SyncBot: Redact tokens from log output [Andrew Lucas]

## v2.0.2 - 2017-06-20

* SyncBot: Documents an FAQ for SyncBot [Andrew Lucas]

## v2.0.1 - 2017-06-12

* ProcBots: Fix architecture documentation links in README.md [Kostas Lekkas]

## v2.0.0 - 2017-06-07

* ProcBots: Improve `ProcBot:dispatchToEmitter()` method to simplify calling/return conventions. [Heds Simons]

## v1.3.1 - 2017-06-07

* VersionBot: Modify checks on PR when statuses change; inform author that changes are required if any fail. [Heds Simons]

## v1.3.0 - 2017-06-07

* ProcBots, SyncBot: SyncBot incorporates Front [Andrew Lucas]

## v1.2.1 - 2017-06-02

* ProcBots: Add .nojekyll file to docs directory to ensure Github pages uses `_` prefixed files. [Heds Simons]

## v1.2.0 - 2017-05-31

* VersionBot: Add autogeneration of Waffleboard commands should the `Connects-To: #<number>` tag be present. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.9 - 2017-05-25

* ProcBots: Ensure that authentication occurs on both Github ServiceListener and ServiceEmitter. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.8 - 2017-05-25

* ProcBots: Ensure that only the `master` branch is used for document sources. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.7 - 2017-05-17

* ProcBots: Add ability to retrieve underlying SDK API instance object/handle for a service. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.6 - 2017-05-16

* SyncBot: Added SyncBot getting started notes [Andrew Lucas]

## v1.1.5 - 2017-05-15

* ProcBots: Add TypeDoc documentation and build command to Resin ProcBots. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.4 - 2017-05-11

* VersionBot: Ensure that multiple merge attempts fail cleanly. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.3 - 2017-05-10

* ProcBots: Added keep-alive endpoint to Flowdock adapter [Andrew Lucas]

## v1.1.2 - 2017-05-09

* VersionBot: Improve status checks for required external services; reduce verbose 'spamming' of PR on status failures. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.1 - 2017-05-08

* VersionBot: Ensure that git clones are removed during merge attempts. [Heds Simons]

## v1.1.0 - 2017-05-08

* SyncBot: Implemented SyncBot [Andrew Lucas]

## v1.0.4 - 2017-05-02

* ProcBots: Refactor circle.yml to provide better output for debugging [John (Jack) Brown]

## v1.0.3 - 2017-05-02

* VersionBot: Ensure that `npm bin` is used to get the correct binary dependency path, allowing `versionist` to be called. [Heds Simons]

## v1.0.2 - 2017-05-02

* VersionBot: Add # to automerge commits to autolink to the PR [Tim Perry]

## v1.0.1 - 2017-04-13

* ProcBots: Ensure that the queue is only reduced after a WorkerMethod executes, and that the next WorkerMethod executes in the same scope. [Heds Simons]

## v1.0.0 - 2017-03-28

* ProcBots: ProcBots no longer inherit from a class hierarchy of the services they wish to use. Instead, they now add listeners/emitters to listen for events/emit data to a service. [Heds Simons]

## v0.4.1 - 2017-03-13

* VersionBot: Ensure that multi-status services used on protection branches are correctly handled. [Heds Simons]

## v0.4.0 - 2017-02-27

* VersionBot: Add VersionBot configuration files via Github repos; ensure `procbots/versionbot/ready-to-merge` label is removed post-merge [Heds Simons]

## v0.3.3 - 2017-02-21

* VersionBot: Ensure that non-repo based events are not treated as an error; fix typo so merge messages report the bot correctly. [Heds Simons]

## v0.3.2 - 2017-02-17

* VersionBot: Ensure that only the footer for a commit message includes the `Change-Type:` tag; ensures Flowdock posting on successful merges. [Heds Simons]

## v0.3.1 - 2017-02-17

* VersionBot: Ensure that unlabeling of PRs is ignored. [Heds Simons]

## v0.3.0 - 2017-02-16

* VersionBot: Check for status changes for all linked Integration services to ensure that all applicable statuses are valid before versioning up/merging. [Heds Simons]
* VersionBot: Remove checks for approved reviews (Github API does not work on private repos) and fix cloning of private repos. [Heds Simons]

## v0.2.3 - 2017-02-13

* VersionBot: Add code to use a repo's `versionist.conf.js` in preference to the in-built config should one exist in the repo's root. [Heds Simons]

## v0.2.2 - 2017-02-13

* VersionBot: Add check for `mergeable` state in a PR before running Versionist or merging. [Heds Simons]
* VersionBot: Add more useful INFO/DEBUG messages for audit trails. [Heds Simons]

## v0.2.1 - 2017-02-10

* VersionBot: Ensure the VERSIONBOT_NAME/VERSIONBOT_EMAIL envvars are used for all referenced text. [Heds Simons]

## v0.2.0 - 2017-02-10

* ProcBots: Add a FlowdockAdapter mixin; delete branch post-merge. [Heds Simons]
* VersionBot: Fix reauthentication issue and tagging problem. [Heds Simons]

## v0.1.0 - 2017-02-06

* VersionBot: Update command label syntax to consistent format. [Heds Simons]
* VersionBot: Add comment on failed version status check, going to the raiser of the event that started the check. [Heds Simons]

## v0.0.1 - 2017-01-27

* ProcBots, VersionBot: Initial draft version. [Heds Simons]